hey guys uh team here  in this video i'm going to show you how  to charge uh cryptocurrency  from binance exchange to mp5 platform  so so first of all why jar crypto  currencies  from binance exchange to mp5 platform  now there are a couple of uh reasons for  that  first of all it's x for actually rapid  strategy development essentially  md5 platform has been around for 10  years  and as such many tools indicators  and roblox some you might call eas  are available on mp5 platform  um and mp5 platform is um  actually free  right now so  big x wise to leverage on  on this on those tools indicators and  robots  available for rapidly developing  strategies  and testings uh essentially empty files  comes along with the strategy tester  which is  basically a testing tool of the platform  um secondly is a md5 platform  is a face unlike other platform like  daily view  some of you guys might have to to pay  the  amount of money for using the platform  now there are many people  out there actually who develop the the  preaching  communication preaching between the  entify  and cryptocurrency changes like  binance right uh  now next thing i want to talk about is  uh how to  set up the amplifier to  job cryptocurrencies from finance  exchange  first of all you got to download the mp5  platform by going to this website link  so you go to this  website addressed okay and you just  download the md file  and install it  now have done that uh you  download and define crypt crypto jokes  manager  by clicking on the link be below this  video  all right and uh and copy  the mt5 crypto trucks manager  um into your md file so  you go to file you go to  open data folder  all right you go to mql files you go to  experts  advisor and copy the the md5  to drugs manager onto here this folder  right now i haven't done that  so next thing you got to do is  essentially you got to  you know provide financial exchange  actresses for individual  access to the binance exchange the api  so you go back to your md5 platform  and you go to tools you go  to options okay click on expect advisors  tab  and click on allow web request for  listing url  and you just enter to this  addresses all right so  which are actually the binance exchange  addresses for access to  the the api  all right so far so good now  next you go to  view you go to market watch and you just  open a typical for extra currency where  for example in this case  euro usd so i already opened  uh the pair for here  so let's uh let's go to the fun part  which is  actually to do charts  cryptocurrency firm minus  to md5 platform so you click on  the uh mt5 crypto jackson manager here  right okay and just simply click  ok  so uh now let's say  uh let's open the uh  finance exchange websites and you go to  markets  right  all right so so binance exchange  actually  uh list a lot of  general state cryptocurrencies here  for example i pick  [Music]  w i w i n  b and b for this one so go back to your  mt  file first of all you got to type in  exchange name  which is by names and you type in the  cryptocurrency pair win  b and b and from date  you enter the start dates from which  actually the crypto job managers will  download  prices and other information from that  date okay let's say i  enter 2021  january first and take updates  so every every second actually the job  manager  updates data from the finance  exchange so just simply click uh opens  all right so the cryptocurrency pair  already  uh opens now you see that's  um it's actually the timeframe is one  minute  right so if you switch to  other typeframe just simply go to jogs  go to timeframes and select the  timeframes  that you want for example here i  choose 15 minutes alright  so this is 15 minutes right  okay the jack is continuously updated  now let's uh  uh now you look at the uh  the left upper left uh corner of the job  you see price multiplier  uh is actually the actual price  of the crypto pair is uh by this value  detective value you multiply  by this multiplier okay this this is  basically just  for for for the sake of you know  scaling okay the vertical axis here  so don't worry much about this i go back  to  the crypto drive manager let's say i  want to  uh charge people  which is very the most popular  cryptocurrency pair  for example you say btc usdt  right you go back to  binance exchange okay so btc  you choose actually fiat market  ptc usdt  all right  so uh  so essentially this is the jobs from the  finance  exchange websites by itself and  i prefer to look at the jobs on trading  view  okay so now the reason i said before  uh why i prefer to drop the crypto pairs  from binary change  in md5 because later on  i'll be able to run you know the robots  on mt5 and send orders  to bina exchange for all the executions  so i i'll be shown this in the following  videos but not that this one let's open  some bitcoins and usdd charts  so here we are  so this is um bitcoins  usd charts and you see the jobs are  continuously updated  right and if i want to switch  to other time frame for example  15 minutes right  so like you see the gap here the gap is  actually the jack is uh continuously  updating  the historical data uh so don't  worry today let's get updated all right  now as i said before the reason why i  prefer to jog  cryptos from binance exchange  in mt5 because later on i can't  write the robots okay uh in entify  okay and run the robot on amplify  and send orders from mp5  to binance exchange for execution so  which is the right things to do  because the mt5 actually provides many  tools  indicators and robux  requests are there already so you can  get the  free tools indicators of proper or you  might want to purchase them  if you want to purchase those you can go  to  the marketplace so the marketplace of  mp5  platform you can see there are many  tools  indicators and e8  free as well as for purchases  right  all right so uh  let's say let's open another charts  let's go back to  uh finance exchange  let's say i want to uh opens  altcoins like outcomes  right let's say i want to open the n  catch  f right so go back to mt5  tie in and cache right  right so open  all right  uh be basian just uh wait for one  so okay so the job is already open  so this you see the job is all uh open  here  and so if you want to switch to other  time frame  let's go back to the charts go back to  here so it skipped switching  right so i want to go to 50 minutes  right so this is essentially 50 minutes  charge of this one  right let's say i want to open  and dodge yeah  usd guys  all right so this is this is the one  now i want to switch to 15 minutes  jogged so you go to here it skips  switching for five and fourth right i'm  still updating  go to 15 minutes so here we are  all right uh  so uh essentially using this crypto  drugs manager you are able to  open any crypto currencies from an  exchange and the idea  the nice thing is actually later on in  in the next  video i'll be showing you how to run  roblox on mt5 and  send orders from mp5 to binance  exchange for execution so  which is actually the ultimate purpose  of using md5 platform  mp5 platform is actually absolutely free  guys you can download selfie from here  and just have a drive all right i think  uh i think that that's it  for this video and if you have any  comments  please do so uh thank you very much for  watching  bye for now